Thank you, Brother Oar. I hope it's well with your soul tonight. Take your Bibles and go to Daniel chapter number 6. Daniel chapter number 6 in the Old Testament. I appreciate the good music and I said it before, do pray for a lot of our folks who are sick, not sure, a lot of folks out of town. And so if you do see somebody, either let the church office know, let us know. If there's somebody that you reached out to and you found out they were sick, or maybe you reached out and they're out of town and they're doing well, they'll be glad that you reached out to them. There's a lot of folks that we think about sometimes, oh, somebody else is reaching out to them. But if you notice that God brought it to your attention, and it's good to reach out to them and encourage them. As a church, we ought to be doing that. The book of Daniel here is, I mean, Daniel at the beginning of the book, and we've used this passage of Scripture in the early part, but we realize that he determined not to defile himself. With a portion of the king's meat. So he began in this thing with good decisions, and it's continued to the place where he comes to chapter six, and we're going to see him with an excellent spirit. Now, I'm not sure tonight, I believe that I'll be preaching. All right. But it also is going to be a little bit like a Bible study for a lot of us. Oftentimes we think of this Daniel and the lion's den as a child's Bible story. And that's because we only focus on one portion of it. And we don't see in the life of Daniel all the things and especially his excellent spirit that caused him to have success. Now, I want to draw your attention tonight to some things that are in the passage, and hopefully that you'll be able to take some things with you about this. But I want to encourage you tonight, again, have an excellent spirit. Oftentimes our spirit is what other people see. All right. That we have joy in the midst of trials. And tribulations of this life. And again, we need people to see in us something that they cannot have, that the world cannot give them. That only comes from the Lord Jesus Christ and following him, having that excellent spirit, because that is one of the best witnesses that we can have. And again, we have a power that Daniel did not have an indwelling Holy Spirit to help us and guide us to have an excellent spirit. And so while he had one in the Old Testament. Be glad that we have so much more power and help in the New Testament in the spirit of God to help us. I want you to do this tonight as I pray and ask the Lord to help me. Would you bow your head and your heart and ask God to help you to draw something directly from the word of God that the spirit of God would speak to you? That you would take something home tonight that helps you in your Christian life. Let's pray together. Dear Lord, I pray that you do us. Lord, do one the one thing that we cannot do. Lord. Send the Holy Spirit. Lord, I pray and let him speak to us tonight. Lord, I pray as others pray. I pray God tonight that from your word that you would use me as you have already spoken in my heart from the passage. God, I pray that you would help me to be able to share the things that you, Lord, have laid upon my heart. The things that I've seen in the scripture that I believe would benefit your people. God, so I pray as we speak tonight, Lord, if there's one here that does not know Christ as Savior, I pray tonight that they would come to the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ. We ask it in the name above every name. In the name of Jesus, we ask it. Amen. In Daniel chapter six, I want you to begin in verse number one with me. We'll read several passages of scripture tonight. Several verses of this passage. And we will jump down for time's sake tonight, not reading the entire passage because of time. All right. So look at verse number one with me tonight. In verse number one of chapter six of the book of Daniel, the Bible says it pleased Darius to set over the kingdom, a hundred and twenty princes, which should be over the whole kingdom and over these three presidents of whom Daniel was first, that the princes might give account, give accounts unto them and the king should have no damage. Then this Daniel was preferred above the presidents and princes because of an excellent spirit was in him and the king thought to set him over the whole realm. I want you to stop for a moment. And understand, oftentimes we don't always take the Bible at its word. We think of Daniel as the prophet Daniel, whom he was. He was someone who listened and heard from God and prophesied. He interpreted dreams because God gave him the interpretation thereof. But this is his second political regime that he is a part of. He is not necessarily his day job is not to be a preacher, but his day job is to simply be faithful with an excellent spirit and to do whatever he's told because he is a subject in a kingdom who has been taken from his homeland. Enslaved, taught multiple other languages. He is forced into having a new name. Now the Bible continues to call him Daniel, but they're going to call him different things throughout the scripture because he's been renamed under the new regime. I know that every one of us today. Listen, I'm just going to tell you what a blessing it is for all of us. Think about how much easier it is to have an excellent spirit because we live in a land of Liberty. We've been just focusing a lot here lately kind of on the patriotism that we have and the country You have but I do believe on a regular basis. We do not thank God for what we were born into or what God has given us as Liberty in Jesus Christ. Daniel was in the Old Testament in regular oppression. Spiritual oppression. He is in a he's in put into a government office with high pressure. I don't know if you took this down, but he is one of the presidents. All right, that is put over a hundred and twenty princess and he's running. He's running one third of the known world at the time and answering that the king might have no damage. So his whole purpose if you could take it this way was not necessary to rule as the king. as Darius did what what to protect Darius and oversee what he was responsible for over one third of the world. Now most of us we we can't even hold together our little piece of the pie. All right, we worry about the things that we've been given or the portion of what God is doing in our lives and we feel overwhelmed. How would you like to be Daniel? All right. How would you like to be Daniel? Not only be responsible for yourself and the things that God has placed but all this one third of the world and again, he did this with an excellent spirit so much so that the king decided you know what I would rather not speak to the other two guys. I chose to be presidents. I'd rather have I'd rather name one more president and put Daniel over them so that the only person I meet with is Daniel to give me report because when he enters in to the throne room to speak to me he enters in with an excellent spirit. He's always upbeat. He always finds a way to find the problems of this world to turn them to a place where they are for, again, if I could say it this way, with an excellent spirit. Yes, we have some things, but I'm sure those things will turn around with these excellent things that we could put in place. And I'm just going to tell you, you know, sometimes it is if you've ever been that person that is not always on the top side of everything, someone else who is on the top side of everything is irritating. You know what I'm saying? Because every day of our lives is not always good. There are things that come in. And if I could just share with you, Daniel had some things that were hard things. There are hard things that come into this passage of Scripture. If you ran one third of the world, I guarantee you there were problems. Alright? There are problems with the economy. There are problems with roads and buildings and people with uprisings and them having to squelch uprisings. And he did all of it as he presented it to the king with an excellent spirit. I just want to ask you tonight, listen, your little piece of what God has allowed you to rule and reign over, how do you go and talk to God on a regular basis? He's the king and king of your life. When he hears your prayer life, do you enter into the throne room with an excellent spirit? You say, well, God wants me to be real with him. Yes. But God wants us to realize who he is. I want you to see that not only is Darius someone that's pleased with him, but look on and read on with me in verse number four. Then the presidents and the princes sought to find occasion against Daniel. Why? Because they didn't want this guy. They weren't happy with him. He's got an excellent spirit. Every time I'm in as presence, he's too happy. He's too excited. He's too positive. All right. And so again, I will not have this man. What did they say about Jesus? Will not have this man to rule over us. He will not reign over us. And for all of us, we come to the place. That's exactly what is going to be said. Anyone who will follow Jesus Christ will face persecution. If you're going to be like him, you're going to face people who want, they don't want you to continue with an excellent spirit. They want everyone to be just as miserable as they are. All right. And so they bring this place. So now they realize they see the king. His eyes are set on Daniel, that he's happy with him. So they got to find
